i'm having really hard time starting with dayly know so here is my a time
because i'm stuck in traffic

I was diagnosed almost as a gifted child. My father always expected me to
already know the things that I should know, and my mother always told me that
I can be whatever I want to be. I never learned how to learn, and I never
learned it is important to actually practice.

Since I now actually know that from my experience as a woodworker and as an
engineer, and I can accept now that I'm not actually already am the best at
what I do, but rather that I can grasp concepts quicker, not more than that. I
now know that I need to learn how to practice. It's really hard for me and I
don't want to to miss the opportunity to pass it on to my child.

I've talked to my psychologist about that. And in our conversations he
suggested that I'm having a hard time letting go of the things that I want to
do if I want to. If I'm interested in another new idea or new project until
really now at this point in my life I should be finding a job and really
developing cuz I don't have a real one. I don't have enough money to leave nor
do I have significant pension.

The idea of second brain or zetter cousin appeals to me but that too became
another project not only not all. Not only the writing but making a wiki like
site for myself to to navigate.

This is also a recurrent theme as I almost always concentrate more on the
tools on building the tools then actually doing stuff. Even as a woodworker I
concentrated more on getting the right tools, buying drug tools and equipping
myself for the project I had in mind but never got to the point where I land
to use the the tools and if and when I went ahead with a certain project I
almost never completed. This is even two from our home automation. System-
it's breaking repeatedly and I don't have the capacity to deal with it.

I'm not sure if this is full even myself or that I want to publish it
publicly. I really need to get it off my chest and I think it's daily notes
might be a good path for that. Also, it's like that I think the daily pages
like the out of the artist suggests or whatever it's called in a in English.
It's better suited for me right now cuz my mind is disorganized and I can't
drop down daily notes properly. I did manage to get some thoughts and ideas
that I found in the previous couple of days. I'm not quite sure how to handle
that and I'm not quite sure how to extract meaningful information out of daily
pages instead of daily notes which seem to me like they should be quite a bit
more organized than

