Another test for daily notes. Daily pages I don't know.

I talked to my brother and I saw the way he comes up with the ideas to get out
of his situation. It gave me a bit of push to go on and find my own passions
and what not. I'm going to try with the icky guy thing. It might not provide
all the answers but I'm really starting to lose faith in myself and whatever
works I'm going to try it.

Wanted to pass a project to the place I used to walk at and he asked if I'm
still walking there. I said the time not currently walking down and they asked
what. What's my status? Eventually told me to talk to him and sort of. Let's
see if I can help. Yes, what what I was looking for which I'm not really sure.
Besides that, I was in the middle of a fight with my spouse.

After watching my nephew starting to try and walk and listening to his
vocabulary, I'm beginning to think that I might be pushing a bit too. Too much
on go. My son's probably gifted but I shouldn't push him and if I do I need to
lay off with my own expectations.

I was always harassed by the fact that my parents were were very different in
me and my siblings. My father always pushed me and expected of me to know to
already know things which I didn't know how to learn because I never learned
how to learn and face difficulties. I'm trying to give my son a taste facing
difficulties. It's not like I'm making him do things the hard way. I'm just
not telling him all the time. It is very talented and that he can do whatever
he likes. I tied to encourage him to give it another try.

My brother is walking on a web app. It's not something. I'm really good at
developing. I don't really know how to but I picked up a bit of stuff along
the way and for all the projects I tried to be alert quite a bit. I tried to
offer some advice and apparently my father is always giving him advice. I
think it will be great for him if he can manage. Push on with this project and
I'll try to encouraging. I'm tying my best not to push my own views and my own
ways on here. It got me thinking about revisiting all projects like sentiment
Geico for stock price.

I also tried to walk with an AI assistant on Central Castle. I'm not sure. I
followed the logic for pond engineering logic. Whatever I don't follow why
it's even named name. I think that with the advances in AI, it's probably
possible to build a better system for self-management and for focusing. I also
think it may help with sentimental analysis and summarizing news events and so
on to get a leg on investments that says of the meme was that people wait IQ
lower than 95 and higher than 140 do things similarly while 110. Also, I'll
frustrated and 120 IQ tend to not do anything because of insecure. I don't
really know my IQ and recently I feel very very bad about things. I might be a
bit depressed. That's what my spouse's psychology told. Hell, but when I
mentioned it to my own he didn't really thought that that's where I am. Am.
Don't think either. I think that I might be rabbit hole and doing a bit too
much work on myself. I think I really need to focus on something, something,
whatever it might be and all do things like in between. I got to mention the
frustration not doing a lot because I always try to prioritize hair over
myself. That's after prioritizing our son. Of course.

I think that's really nice of him. I don't really know how to do it. What my
wife responded with was that if I really want to do something I should fix
some time with her and she'll manage it. I think that's really nice of her.

I'm not sure what I want to do and how to manage it. I think part of the
problem is that I try to do too much and I get tangled in my own thoughts. I
think that prioritizing her is sort of an excuse.

I think that's it for now. I'm not really clear on how I want to continue.

